Add Get Started tutorials (#235)
surveyjs/survey-analytics: docs/get-started-vue.md

    choices: [
      { value: 5, text: "Fully satisfying" },
      { value: 4, text: "Generally satisfying" },
      { value: 3, text: "Neutral" },
      { value: 2, text: "Rather unsatisfying" },
      { value: 1, text: "Not satisfying at all" }
    ],
    isRequired: true
  }, {
    name: "nps-score",
    title: "On a scale of zero to ten, how likely are you to recommend our product to a friend or colleague?",
    type: "rating",
    rateMin: 0,
    rateMax: 10,
  }],
  showQuestionNumbers: "off",
  completedHtml: "Thank you for your feedback!",
};

const surveyResults = [{
  "satisfaction-score": 5,
  "nps-score": 10
}, {
  "satisfaction-score": 5,
  "nps-score": 9
}, {
  "satisfaction-score": 3,
  "nps-score": 6
}, {
  "satisfaction-score": 3,
  "nps-score": 6
}, {
  "satisfaction-score": 2,
  "nps-score": 3
}];

const vizPanelOptions = {
  allowHideQuestions: false
}

export default {
  name: 'survey-analytics',
  mounted() {
    const survey = new Model(surveyJson);
    const vizPanel = new VisualizationPanel(
      survey.getAllQuestions(),
      surveyResults,
      vizPanelOptions
    );
  }
}
</script>
```

</details>

## Render the Visualization Panel

> Switch to the component template. Add a page element that will serve as the Visualization Panel container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to the component template. Add a page element that serves as the Visualization Panel container:
```
